{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c84706;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww6860\viewh8760\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 PROFIL:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I\'92m a Berlin-based artist, and my work explores the power of geometric abstraction. Using bold, clean lines and vibrant color contrasts, I create visual compositions that balance simplicity with depth. Inspired by modernist traditions, my paintings often feature overlapping forms and minimalist palettes, exploring balance and tension within each piece. I primarily work with acrylic on canvas, blending sharp angles and soft curves to invite viewers into an exploration of form and space. My art reflects a refined yet playful approach to abstraction, offering a fresh, contemporary perspective on geometric painting.
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
DESIGNS:\
Bar\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
"Bar" captures a feeling of calm and leisurely indulgence. Using bold geometric shapes and a vibrant color palette, the piece creates a sense of relaxation and escape from the everyday. The reclining figure with a wine glass in hand suggests a moment of self-care and pause, while the mix of red, pink, and white brings warmth and comfort. The combination of sharp lines and gentle curves adds a touch of tension, highlighting the balance between stillness and subtle energy. This piece invites the viewer to experience both peace and reflection, offering a glimpse into a serene, unhurried moment.
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Bird\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In "Bird," a sense of curiosity and subtle strength emerges through bold, geometric abstraction. The figure of a bird, perched atop a boot, is rendered in striking black and grey tones, creating a visual tension between softness and structure. The contrast between the bird's delicate form and the sturdy boot suggests themes of freedom and grounding, movement and stillness. The minimalist design and sharp lines invite the viewer to explore the balance between these opposing forces, leaving space for reflection on the interplay of fragility and resilience in nature and in life.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Car
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 "Car" is all about those fun, carefree moments on the road, where the world passes by and you're just enjoying the ride. It\'92s the thrill of hopping into a car, whether for a long drive or a quick escape, that makes any journey feel like an adventure. With its playful colors and simple shapes, this piece captures the joy of being on the move and the little freedom that comes with every drive. It\'92s a reminder that sometimes, the best memories are made while cruising with nowhere to be.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Cat Lady
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 "Cat Lady" brings a sense of quiet mystery, capturing the bond between a woman and her watchful companion. Set against a warm orange background, there\'92s an underlying tension in the stillness, as if something is about to unfold. The cat\'92s sharp gaze draws you in, inviting curiosity and making you wonder what it sees. With its minimalist forms and contrasting tones, this piece evokes a feeling of calm mixed with anticipation, hinting at stories yet to be told.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Diverse Modernism
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 "Diverse Modernism" blends clean minimalism with striking contrasts, reflecting the spirit of the Berlin event it represents. The design features a stark white background, anchored by bold red rectangles and the iconic silhouette of Berlin's TV tower. The simplicity of the composition mirrors the clarity of modernist ideals, while the vivid red injects a sense of energy and movement. This design captures the essence of Berlin\'92s modernist legacy, balancing tradition with forward-thinking creativity. The booklet and ticket convey both elegance and function, inviting the viewer to engage with the city\'92s architectural history in a fresh, contemporary way.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Dunkle Schokolade
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 This design features three distinct chocolate bar packages, each representing a unique flavor. The geometric layout showcases rectangular sections arranged to create a modern chocolate bar appearance. The brand name is prominently displayed in the top-left corner, while the product type is clearly positioned in the top-right for easy identification.\
Each flavor is differentiated by color: rich brown for Edelbitter, fresh green for Alpenvollmilch Haselnuss, and deep blue for Alpenvollmilch Premium. This vibrant color scheme adds a playful touch, inviting chocolate lovers to explore the distinct taste experiences each package offers.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Girl 4\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In "Girl 4," the viewer is met with a captivating representation of femininity and movement. The bright red backdrop provides a striking contrast to the woman's pink skin and white hair, drawing attention to her fluid posture. Slightly tilted to the right, her hair appears to flutter, suggesting a moment caught in time. The minimalist approach invites the viewer to explore the beauty of her form, evoking a feeling of strength and grace in this abstract portrayal of femininity.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 HBF\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In "HBF," the energy of a train station comes alive, reflecting the excitement and tension of travel. The artwork encapsulates a moment brimming with potential, where the passage of time influences the flow of human connection. The vibrant colors and geometric forms create an engaging environment, inviting viewers to reflect on their own experiences of movement and transition. This piece speaks to the thrill of embarking on new adventures while acknowledging the poignant moments of waiting and anticipation that define our journeys.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Heatwave\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In "Heatwave," the artwork presents a compelling vision of a future influenced by climate change, capturing the complex interplay between leisure and environmental reality. The dynamic composition evokes a sense of immediacy and urgency, inviting viewers to reflect on their own experiences in an evolving world. With its bold colors and geometric shapes, the piece communicates the tension between comfort and the pressing challenges of a warming planet. This artwork serves as a critical reminder of the environmental changes that shape our lives and the need for collective action in the face of uncertainty.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 House Life
\f2\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 "House Life" invites viewers into a tranquil domestic scene, capturing the essence of home through an interplay of nature and companionship. The artwork exudes a sense of harmony, encouraging contemplation on the intimate relationships we cultivate within our living spaces. The composition highlights the beauty of everyday life, inviting reflection on the subtle connections we share with the elements of our environment and the quiet joys that enrich our daily experiences.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Kafe 2\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
"Kafe 2" captures a contemplative moment, embodying the essence of leisure and reflection. The scene conveys the simple pleasure of pausing to read, emphasizing the joy found in quiet solitude. A sense of comfort and familiarity permeates the composition, reminding us of the value of taking time for oneself and celebrating the small rituals that enrich daily life.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Kafe 3\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
"Kafe 3" presents a lively glimpse into the heart of a coffee shop, capturing the bustling environment that invites relaxation and connection. The snapshot conveys the essence of the daily routine, where the simple act of enjoying coffee becomes a meaningful experience. This piece highlights the beauty of everyday life, emphasizing the importance of community and the warmth that comes from shared moments in a beloved gathering place.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Lars \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This artwork embodies the excitement and anticipation that come with the search for a new home. It captures the essence of exploration, where every potential door opens to new possibilities and experiences. There\'92s a sense of warmth and welcome, evoking feelings of belonging and comfort. This piece serves as a reminder that the journey of finding a home is not just about the destination, but also about the connections made along the way.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Libert\'e9, \'e9galit\'e9, durabilit\'e9
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 In 
\f3\i Libert\'e9, \'e9galit\'e9, durabilit\'e9
\f1\i0 , the white pigeon takes center stage, a symbol of peace amid a colorful landscape. Each hue plays a significant role: the green represents our responsibility to the environment, urging us to live harmoniously with nature. Orange speaks to our social connections, reminding us that sustainability is about community and support. Red, representing economic stability, serves as a reminder that financial health is also part of the equation. The blue backdrop hints at a hopeful future, suggesting that if we embrace these values, we can create a sustainable world for everyone.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Person 1
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 This work evokes the essence of quiet introspection, where time slows down and a sense of calm washes over everything. The stillness invites a deep breath, a moment to gather one's thoughts and find inner peace. It is a reminder of the quiet beauty found in solitude.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Summer\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A celebration of the carefree nature of summer, this piece reflects the quiet joy of being fully immersed in a moment of rest. The atmosphere is one of lightness and comfort, where nothing else matters but the peaceful feeling of the present. It captures the softness of time slowing down.
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Surf\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This piece conveys the electric anticipation that surges through those final moments before stepping into the water. It\'92s filled with the spirit of adventure, where excitement mingles with the unknown. Each wave carries the promise of a thrilling journey, a chance to embrace the new and uncharted.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Swim\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This poster captures the quiet anticipation just before slipping into the cool embrace of the water. It speaks to the carefree moments of a summer escape, where time slows and the world feels weightless. Beneath the surface lies the promise of relaxation and a sense of playful adventure, waiting to unfold.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Vacation
\f2\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 This piece embodies the carefree spirit of sun-drenched days on an island, where adventure and relaxation dance together. It captures the essence of vacation, celebrating the joy that comes from embracing freedom and the thrill of taking risks. The tranquil waves beckon with whispers of exploration, inviting a leap into the blissful unknown, where every moment offers the chance to discover something new.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 To the Lighthouse\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This cover encapsulates the themes of longing and illumination found within Virginia Woolf's 
\f3\i To the Lighthouse
\f1\i0 . It reflects the search for connection and understanding amidst the complexities of human relationships, where the lighthouse serves as a guiding beacon through the fog of uncertainty. The solitary figure within the light symbolizes the pursuit of clarity and insight, emphasizing the interplay between isolation and the desire for belonging, as well as the transformative power of time and memory in shaping our experiences.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 PAINTINGS:\
\
Boat
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 This piece evokes the feeling of floating between freedom and safety, like drifting on open water with the quiet assurance of being anchored. There's a sense of boundless exploration, where the vastness brings both calm and exhilaration, while the presence of protection offers quiet comfort amidst the adventure.\
\
Acrylic on Canvas\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 80x80cm \
Original artwork\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Car\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 "Car" is all about those fun, carefree moments on the road, where the world passes by and you're just enjoying the ride. It\'92s the thrill of hopping into a car, whether for a long drive or a quick escape, that makes any journey feel like an adventure. With its playful colors and simple shapes, this piece captures the joy of being on the move and the little freedom that comes with every drive. It\'92s a reminder that sometimes, the best memories are made while cruising with nowhere to be.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Acrylic on Canvas\
70x70cm \
Original artwork\
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Dinner\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 This piece reflects the delicate balance between inner peace and lingering struggle, where solitude becomes a companion rather than an adversary. The light stands as a quiet symbol of resilience, a small flame that holds steady in the night. The presence of the past, scattered and settled, whispers softly, reminding of paths once taken, yet urging forward.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Acrylic on Canvas\
60x60cm \
Original artwork\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Girl 1\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 This piece embodies the raw energy of resilience, where strength is not shouted but felt deeply within. It carries the emotion of someone who has faced battles, yet stands firm, steady, and unshaken. The air is thick with a sense of determination and passion, as if her presence alone can ignite change.
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Acrylic on Canvas\
120x100cm \
Original artwork\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Girl 2\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 "Girl 2" embodies the tension between vulnerability and strength, a moment caught between the present and the unknown future. There\'92s a quiet anticipation in the air, as if something unseen lingers just beyond the horizon. It\'92s a reflection of the uncertainty that comes before a choice, where the weight of possibility hangs in every breath.
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Acrylic on Canvas\
50x50cm \
Original artwork\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Kiss\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 There\'92s a quiet intensity in "Kiss," a moment suspended between the rush of passion and the openness of letting go. It explores the fluidity of desire and the freedom to connect without limits, suggesting the delicate balance between closeness and independence. The emotions here are both bold and tender, wrapped in an air of daring honesty.
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Acrylic on Canvas\
120x100cm \
Original artwork\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Lamp\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 There\'92s a sense of calm in "Lamp," where the warmth of a simple routine offers solace from the rush of the outside world. It embodies the quiet moments that make a house feel like home, a space of reflection and gentle peace. The soft light creates a feeling of security and serenity, like a pause in the middle of life\'92s busy rhythm.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Acrylic on Canvas\
80x80cm \
Original artwork\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Mit Karte Bitte\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \'93Mit Karte Bitte\'94 expresses quiet resistance and unwavering adherence to tradition in the face of rapid change. There\'92s a palpable tension between the comfort of the familiar and the creeping uncertainty of modern digitalization. It reflects a deep-rooted German caution, where the fear of losing control sparks a stubborn refusal to embrace the unknown.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Acrylic on Canvas\
80x60cm \
Original artwork\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Person 1\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 "Person 1" evokes a delicate balance of introspection and detachment, as if suspended in a moment of personal reflection. The mood is tinged with a quiet sadness, yet there\'92s a sense of resilience in the way the figure holds itself. It conveys the bittersweet nature of looking inward, of confronting thoughts and memories with both grace and uncertainty.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Acrylic on Canvas\
70x60cm \
Original artwork\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Window\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 "Window" reflects the quiet solitude of quarantine, where the world outside feels both distant and unreachable. The repetition of days spent inside blends with the pull of technology, offering distraction but also deepening the sense of isolation. There\'92s a tension between the safety of the indoors and the longing for the freedom that once felt so normal, now just out of reach.
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Acrylic on Canvas\
100x100cm \
Original artwork}